we're here at interbike with crisco cows
the man behind pivot cycles talking hi
in trail bikes here we've got the carbon
Mach 6 some call it a 27 5 come some
call it 650b what's the story behind
this by Chris well we designed this to
be an aggressive trail bike really
designed for the expert pro level and
duro rider and some of the things we've
done on this is first it's it's a bike
that's designed from the ground up for
27 5 650b wheels to optimize them we
wanted to make sure that the that the
bike had didn't have any compromises
with the bigger wheels so we were able
to come up with a new upper linkage
design that allowed for more control
over the suspension through the travel
but also really opened up the clearance
in the back so we could keep the chain
stays under 17 inches and also clear the
largest tight 27-5 tires and duro tires
available along with the 155-millimeter
6.1 inches of travel and in a really
tight compact package all the sea tubes
shrunk a little bit the top tubes
lengthened and the head tube shortened
on on the Mach 6 versus some of our
other bikes in the line and that gives
you a really long low trail bike that
when you're descending steep gnarly
stuff it keeps you in control but the
short chain stays the DW link suspension
all of that also make sure that the bike
climbs like nothing else so you get
almost cross-country climbing
performance and downhilling capabilities
that rivals are nearly 7 inch travel
firebird bike yeah so one of the things
we've done is internal cable routing for
the dropper post it's a tube that runs
all inside so it's very easily and clean
to route without having to fish cables
or worry about any of that internal top
tube routing keeps things clean and out
of the way and muck out of the system
and oversized bearings direct mount
front derailleur press-fit 92 bottom
bracket everything's there to make sure
the stiffness and the control of
shifting performance is all top-notch
it's great looking machine thanks Chris
thank you
you